General Patton said we must know our
destiny
I'm sorry my desk needs to be a mommy
but I'm also certain that everything's
fubar right now
on inside I got some I want to show you
well I once asked daddy if he liked dogs
he said depends on how you cooked them
it's for you lunkhead I thought it was
time you had a pet for me really
was her name darling long story
abort the mission
I repeat abort the mission ward
diversion
so maybe my dusty is fubar which means
maybe I'm not fit to be a mother
I look like her right and the bunny or
your mom
sweep the bunny you're the spitting
image of your mother and she's really
pretty
wasn't she yeah she was but Pretty's not
everything am i pretty daddy yes and
annoying go to sleep
to mama go away because of something I
did
no now she didn't so it wasn't my fault
why would it be your fault then whose
fault was it daddy listen to fault and
blame and such they don't solve anything
little girl people do what they do you
can't change that you just figure out
what's right for you and let God sort
the rest out daddy
what the hell does Patton know about
being a mommy anyway
on the next episode of pink trouble you
choose your next target
a local thought we'd ease you back in
political bigmouth needs to be shut